al I just found some mushrooms right
there
good job Ayla yeah look at those things
they're beautiful oh boy okay good job
okay let's put it in the bag Oh wha
there's the bag there it is
good girl
oh boy
let's take this hat off for a second
there you go
Popeye there Yash you can see now cutie
pie good job Ayla that's the smallest
one out of three there you go
there's some big ones over there I see
some big ones oh there's some big ones
that will bring the bag look at that
good job Ayla look at the size of that
thing
awesome whoa does it smell good that's a
big one that's a big one good job well
we're the mushroom family
Alex Nanette and Ayla babitch one more
one more
well walk pretty far with a backpacks to
get to this spot me it's been big but we
found one tree that has been missed
there they are
got some dandies around this one oh
that's cool oh the other one is hiding
these are nice big yellows good girl put
in the bag hallo sixteen months this is
her second mushroom season last year she
hit five states with us were in Northern
Iowa and this is a kind of a middle of a
season for us we're gonna hunt Michigan
after this right here yep good job cut
it right there at the base good job baby
yeah these things are huge we can roll
up a whole filet of salmon and stuff it
in yeah good girl
alright we got three more on the bottom
I think let's go get him let's go get
him dad we'll get the bag got the bag oh
yeah
there it is yeah here's that Marshall
there it is earlier i was waiking on her
on top of the ridge and she stopped me
and pointed out the mushroom under my
foot
I'm so proud no I missed the mushroom
when she saw it
good job a little put it in the back put
in the bag put in the bag
good girl there it is got a couple right
here
yep that's right
mommy spotted these ones and there's
some dandies okay yeah she comes where's
the mushrooms Ayla where's the mushrooms
where are they where are they where they
are there they are
yeah give her the big one ladder raise
it up
oh that's cool ah Bella break off sooner
or later give her the big whoa go like
this hey Li go like that yay that's a
big one yay we're gonna stop that one
with salmon oh yeah or sure eaters good
eaters is bigger yours are mine
Wow sheesh was a huge Wow Oh alright say
bye bye camera Ayla Ayla look say bye
bye camera wave bye bye